Chicago listen our question is many of
you all go to work and of course they
should you have a pre-meeting
it's your workplace may you know I've
been in probably some of y'all
some of y'all go in I mean you go beyond
the veil Wow I mean all in the
conference room I know I'm not doing
this I did that in college again but I'm
doing
I was loud in college and then I never
visit in the system not gonna do and I
would answer though please stop
maybe like you gotta turn it down I say
that devil live the life he put us out
to go to court security and it's good it
is right out that door
you see memories money and the guy I was
out of order
yes you were spoken tongue from that we
would turn that dorm out be quiet
one time they put us out we got in the
car and praised all the way to a private
part in a white community you know they
came and got us I depart on three one
two five nine 138 78 we've had prayer
meeting
I mean Terry we bind these Devils in his
own double speed on this John hi you're
too loud oh the devil is knocking
episome the dog they gotta go
I'll open the window to the devil get
out of here
you gotta get out of here devil security
everything okay man probably know your
own a preppy hid your workplace I've
been kicked out of the place not know
better than that just watch them dorm
Devils make it safely Thursday night
now what to him was able to do it